***
date: 2014*08*28
permalink: /about/minutes/2014-08-28/
layout: page
***
### Sarah Introduction
	* Her role is to be there to answer questions and help us with SSE problems
	* Open Hours	
		* Tuesdays at 2pm
		* Not the SSE lab being open to Freshmen (Kocsen)
	* Carrie
		* Was going to come to the general meeting this week, but will be at the next one
### Fundraising
	* Needs a committee
		* Pinochio works now
		* Fixed and live
		* Brad: Put a note on the whiteboard
	* 50% Sale
		* Shirts, ties, etc. for sale
		* Basically everything except mugs and toothpick holders
		* Mugs are $10
	* Fundraising Rules
		* Can not buy Pepsi
		* Can buy Coke
		* Not sure about M.D.
### Winter Ball
	* Needs to get going at some point (Committee)
	* Access to email and FB Group
	* Will be posting stuff and sending invites to alumni 

### Upkeep
	* Getting a new Whiteboard mounted by the door
	* Ticket with FMS
	* Trashcan will go between the table and the couch
	* Arrange a time to meet with them to get it hung
	* Weekly cleanups
		* Saturdays/Sundays
		* Will offer membership for helping out for two weekly clean ups. 
	* Whether or not someone helped and deserves a membership for helping is up to Rob 

### Mentoring
	* Will reach out to people we want as mentors, if that doesnÎéÎ÷t work a second call will be sent out
		* Wants to have 8 to 10 mentors
	* Standups will be brought back
		* Currently scheduling meeting times
	* There will be a physics tutor
		* Brad and Brian meeting with him
		* Physics tutor will have swipe access to the lab because he may tutor evening hours
			* If this conflicts with SSE events, SSE events will have precedence
		* Physics tutor needs to be acquainted with the sse
 
### Events
	* Unofficially has a committee of 6*7 people, officially 2 people
	* Weekend BBQ happening the 30th with Doctor Who after it
		* Dylan Vuz is running it
	* Talks Wednesdays at 5 
	* Committee will get together to brainstorm events for the year
	* No meeting time for the committee yet
	* Heist is still going to happen.
		* Currently planning for week 4, will revisit this next officer meeting

### PR
	*  In the process of forming a committee 
	* Upcoming Companies
		* Blackbaud: September 16th
		* Constant Contact: September 30th
		*T arget: October 2nd 

### Technology
	* Website is up
	* Membership tracking is up
	* If committee heads need access to their email, contact Kate

### Projects
	* Will have a brainstorming session to see what people want to work on
	* Wants 1-2 moonshot projects
	* Wants a lot more smaller projects
		* This includes stuff like making the website better
	* Will get a calendar together for Imagine RIT
	* Marissa might do some work for the sses mobile page
	* Jesse wants to work with hardware we have from past moonshot projects
	* Morgan is interested in wearables
	* Rapdev is planned to run in a similar way to last year
		* Morgan will start questioning last years intersession rapdev team for advice
### General Extra
	* We will be buying a new lockbox soon
	* Bulletin Board needs to be managed by PR
	* We need to petition student government for club hour   
	* We need a picture for each officer so that we can have a more secure way to use and sign out the card

### Treasury
	*  31st of March shows 2.6k in budget, $200 for picnic
	* Committee heads need to report their monthly budget at the beginning of every month
		* Budget is a maximum
		* Monthly budget decision for each committee is ultimately up to treasurer & president	
	* Septembers budget report is due by next officer meeting

