---
date: 2015-02-06
permalink: /about/minutes/2015-02-06/
layout: page
---

###Upkeep: 
Will have an upkeep session soon. Needs to re-tape posters. Front TV is on. Have not
looked at the projector yet. Will look at it today.

###Tech: 
Logging into Fileshare issues: Timbrook does not have admin access, and is talking to Wallach. Sarah needs the budget.

###PR: 
Constant contact coming martch 3 at 1:30 to the sse. Vistaprint is trying to scheduale a room for trivia night, will post on board when he has info. Harris wants to sit
in on the Monday meeting, will bring food. 

Flyers and events should be put around for companies and
events. Brad thinks this is a good idea. Where do we print these from, for now
we'll do the office because printer issues. How long should you wait between
company events. For multiple company
visits a day If a company comes in at noon, schedule another at 3. Companies
should have a two hour time slot.

Email companies about interview questions

PR attire. The agents want it. We can look into it.

SSE Name tags are in the cabinet.

Love your house candy could dom get funding before
Wednesday next week. Kristen and Brad look into it. We willll use the in lab banner

Engineering week: PR will be there.

###Funds:

We need alternate funding. What we are doing now is not the
best way to do it. We should look into a few new options, Sarah will contact a few
other clubs to see what they are doing.

Premium SSE membership! We need to use spotifys method.

Company sponsorship. Should we offer anything? The general
idea is no, except maybe a note on the website.

Email alumni for funds? Some alumni are not against donating
to the SSE, Metcalf wants to send out an email.

###Events:

Talks on Thursdays. Microtalks should happen on the 19th.
General talks would happen after that. Dylan will bug more people. Dylan will
be making a facebook account and using the account to post events. 

SSE SKI Trip. Wants to do it on feb 21st. It
should be about $50 per person. Nevermind, wants to do it feb. 28th.
If you get a lot of people it gets far cheaper.

Other events:

Sardines: We should do that again, Dylan will hype it.

SSE box fort and blanket fort. We dont have box fort room,
the stripper boxes took over.

GoKart place racing. Theres a new one in the mall. We need
to have waivers signed for this. 

SSE Goes to a hockey game. Subsidize the cost for members,
maybe. We would have to look into how to purchase. Wants to do the 27th
of this month, they will be playing merchyhurst. 

SSE Camping. Sleep outdoors-ish, nature, fire, food,
redacted. We havent done it in the past few years. With a different group of
people, we might be able to go camping again. Need a good budget. This is
towards the end of the semester thing.

###Tech:
Found a solution for email. Will use mailgun. Does email forwarding and aliasing. Working with Kurt to move the mail records. We will run our own mail system using the services.

###Mentoring:
Brian will send the mentor calendar to sarah to print. Sunday march 1 will be review
sessions. We might run mock interviews on Saturday feb 28.

###Projects:
Tortuga meeting on Sunday, Oculus s Sunday 12-2, SSE card game is 2/6 aty 3. Projects
brainstorming is feb 12 @ 3

###Treasurer Election:
Metcalf and Wesley are the nominees. Speeches will happen at the meeting.

###Sarah:
out of office T-F next week.
