---
date: 2015-04-17
permalink: /about/minutes/2015-04-17/
layout: page
---
###General
* Survival Guides
  * If you don't do them you end up like Dylan. You should tell the people who are going to do it next year how to do it.
  * Get them done in the next two weeks
  * Recording what you do is helpful for the next person, but also for the FUTURE!
  * Sarah doesn't want to train people
* Locking the Lab
  * This morning Chelsea came in and the lab was unlocked. It was a custodians fault

###PR
* Friday High School Student Open House April 17th Spring Preview Day!!!
  * Cool thing in the atrium happens until 2pm maybe. Dom isn't running it, some of his minions are
* Kassidy - Need VISE Poster
  * need to find draft of the poster. Kristen will send dom the draft of the poster

###Fundraising
* preorders end 4/17 at midnight
* A lot of people are bringing in their money today for preorders
* IMAGINE
  * we can ask alumni for money but need to do it subtly
  * make a brochure for it maybe

###Talk
* Talks are going good!
  * mystery talk by brian and kristen
  * renner wants to give a talk
  * everyone wants to give a talk!!!
  * Got 3 more in the pipeline
  * Hubspot wants to give a tech talk
  * Kayla needs to talk to Ben

###Event
* PPT Karaoke May 7
  * dylan made a flyer
* End of the year picnic may 10
  * Lana reserved the pavilion at that place on that road.
* Dylan will need to talk to sau people to save a space.

###Mentoring
* Review Session status
  * Last Sunday cs1 low turnout
  * 261 had about 70 people
  * cs2 this Sunday

###Projects
* Status
  * tortuga has a demoable project, not vertical but something
  * got devices for ethans project
  * oculus will be showing something too
    * Mostly complete
  * Corban's Project pc-ometer before imagine.
  * Maggie's Project
* Projects Cabinet Cleanup
  * we should break down the boxes of games.
  * what do we do with really old technology we have?
* Kipman
  * tandra emailed asking about projects
  * alumni dinner is happening. He might go to it. Morgan isn't sure if he should go

###Treasurer
* Still need some pictures from pizza night and fundraising run. But guess on the numbers is $980

###Secretary
* News Letter
  * send out one next week about who won elections

###Sarah
* Officer Open Hour:    Tues 3-4
* We need to get a different room for the officer meeting
