---
date: 2015-03-20
permalink: /about/minutes/2015-03-20/
layout: page
---

###Upkeep: 
Metcalf needs to get more cleaning table wipes

###PR: 
Open houses first and second week of april on Saturdays.  A unnamed company wants to show up. Kassidy Visit: She is going to come here. Lana is taking charge. Funding wise, wic is funding it. May 11. Confirmed but not confirmed.

###Fundraising: 
Preorders in session. Mentors and officers will accept money. Form is updated with a picture. 

###Talks: 
Lots of people have expressed interest. Dylan will start scheduling people

###Events: 
Easter egg hunt. Are we doing it? $15 for 150. Sardines should happen again, it was fun. A lot of people wanted to come. Bowling thing? Only one person showed up. Bigger off campus event? Go Karts are expensive, we can see how many people are interested. 

###Mentoring: 
Review sessions are mostly scheduled, Brian emailed Chelsea. Brian replied to the csc. CSC has scheduled their review sessions.


###Projects: 
Another round of orders. For Corbans project this time. Open bci, hopefully we'll have enough time to get stuff 3d printed for that , although it is a little late. Morgan is expecting we will go over 1000 for spending on stuff. Tortuga working on an improved chassis design. Want to get it 3d printed. Morgan is going to poke his contact in the engineering about that. Dylan gave a talk for oculus paint. There i a mistake with the xbox Kinect order. Next time, morgan will actually confirm what kurt has gotten. No Stores stock the xbox 1 kinect and adapter. The openbci stuff was really cool. We need to find more people for it.


###Other: 
Freshman workshop dates. We meet with freshman with and show off the sse. We would probably go first for the dates. We want to promote joining the sse. Contact brad and he will give you a slide deck. We will be planning for elections soon. Week 11 will be speeches. We might open nominations week 9.

###Treasure: 
We have 1031, probably. That puts us generally in the same spot as last time.

